Xiaoyun
You close your eyes.
Let me show you something nice
Open your eyes
Master Yu's signature
How did you get it?
Of course I borrowed Mr. Lu's identity
It's so ugly that you didn't lie to me
But I heard from Li Qi that you also like Master Yu very much
You don't talk nonsense for him
Master Yun and I are smiling
Did not stimulate the cold war
I'm afraid you'll misunderstand.
I'm useless to him
Good heart between men and women
Will not misunderstand
I don't mind.
No, don't mind.
Because you are my wife
Then if you have another woman in your heart
I will be angry
Are you angry today?
I'll be rude to you
Why are you welcome?
If I had another woman out there
What will you do to me?
Divorce is never forgiven
Just kidding, I'm absolutely dedicated to land warfare
Land combat is so good, I can't hide it from him
I have to borrow this art exhibition auction
Confess your identity as Master Yun